Create Quality Assurance table for Refresh token API (#492)
anitab-org/mentorship-backend: docs/quality-assurance-test-cases.md

| Email in request body does not belong to a registered User                  | Fail    |
| Email in request body is from a Verified User                               | Fail    |

### Refresh token

**Service:** POST /user/refresh

| Test Case                                                        					| Outcome |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|

> |Token in request body is the refresh token got after login request                 | Success |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Refresh token in Authorization field is the refresh token returned on login response                 | Success |
```

Reviewer: This is because if you notice in the Swagger UI there is no request body:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11148726/76699692-ea9dc080-66a7-11ea-9015-ca9935fd2b01.png)

> |Token in request body is not valid or withour Bearer                               | Fail    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Refresh token in the Authorization field is not valid or without Bearer                               | Fail    |
```

> |Token in the request body is expired                              					| Fail    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Refresh token in the Authorization field is expired                              					| Fail    |
```

> |No token given in request body after Bearer                       					| Fail    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No refresh token is given in the Authorization field after Bearer                       					| Fail    |
```
